DKP Insights first draft (#4225)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/DKP-insight/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
beta: false

> navigationTitle: Insight
> title: Insight

Author: ```suggestion
navigationTitle: DKP Insight
title: DKP Insight
```

> excerpt: Use DKP insight to monitor and tune your enviornment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Use DKP insight to monitor and tune your environment
```
Just a typo here.

Reviewer 2: Please use DKP Insights instead of DKP insight

menuWeight: 55
beta: true
enterprise: false
---

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> Insights capability is offered with this release as a Technical preview only. Future enhancements include add-on licensing, a seamless user experience, and additional insight items.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> DKP Insight capability is offered with this release as a Technical preview only. Future enhancements include add-on licensing, a seamless user experience, and additional insight items.</p>
```

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> Insights capability is offered with this release as a Technical preview only. Future enhancements include add-on licensing, a seamless user experience, and additional insight items.</p>

Author: I agree on the promising item! @kanna823 asked for that, so I'll talk to him about the verbiage here.

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> Insights capability is offered with this release as a Technical preview only. Future enhancements include add-on licensing, a seamless user experience, and additional insight items.</p>

Reviewer 2: I would remove The future enhancements sentence from line 12

> DKP Insights is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost. An Insights module, integrated into the DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential issues of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve issues that would save a lot of time and money by not escalating to D2IQ's support.

Author: ```suggestion
DKP Insight is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost. An Insights module, integrated into the DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential issues of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve issues that would save a lot of time and money by not escalating to D2IQ's support.
```

> DKP Insights is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost. An Insights module, integrated into the DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential issues of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve issues that would save a lot of time and money by not escalating to D2IQ's support.

Reviewer 3: - 'Latest analytics tool' - do we have others?  
 - I don't understand what this sentence means:
 "Insights provides predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost."  
 Is any of that a direct customer benefit?   I suggest we remove this entire sentence.

```suggestion
DKP Insights is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as ensuring your clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating issues. The Insights module, integrated into DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential problems of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve them yourself.
```

Reviewer 2: 1. Plz remove the latest from the "latest analytics tool" 
2. "designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost" - This looks all convoluted and is not coming across well. Can we remove this?
3. "Insights module, integrated into the DKP," can be replaced with "Insights in DKP collects logs, events, and metrics from DKP management and managed k8s clusters and generates rules based insights on potential problems of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve them yourself.

Reviewer 2: I think I added comments without opening the review link. Please find my comments

> DKP Insights is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost. An Insights module, integrated into the DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential issues of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve issues that would save a lot of time and money by not escalating to D2IQ's support.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
DKP Insights is D2iQ’s latest analytics tool, designed to assist Kubernetes Administrators with daily tasks, such as making sure clusters are secure, debugging, monitoring, and anticipating future issues with your cluster. Insights provides you predictive analytics capability that provides greater support productivity, speed, and reduced cost. An Insights module, integrated into the DKP, collects configuration, logs, events, and metrics from DKP deployments and generates predictive insights on potential issues of varying critical levels so that you can quickly identify and resolve issues that would save a lot of time and money by not escalating to D2iQ's support.
```

Author: Using comments above to work with.

> Insights sits inside of DKP within your environment, so it works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments. Insights collects data from multiple points, such as metrics, logs, and events, and then uses a set of heuristics and models to interpret the data and let you know what’s going on. Events display in a user-friendly, interactive table, showing what’s critical, warnings, and general notices that you need to be aware of.

Author: ```suggestion
Insight sits inside of DKP within your environment, so it works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments. It collects data from multiple points, such as metrics, logs, and events, and then uses a set of heuristics and models to interpret the data and let you know what’s going on. Events display in a user-friendly, interactive table, showing what’s critical, warnings, and general notices that you need to be aware of.
```

> Insights runs as part of DKP within your environment, so it works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments. Insights collects data from multiple points, such as metrics, logs, and events, and then uses a set of heuristics and models to interpret the data and let you know what’s going on. Events display in a user-friendly, interactive table, showing critical issues, warnings, and general notices you need to ensure your environment is running smoothly. 

Author: ```suggestion
The insights capability in DKP works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments. It collects metrics, logs, and events from multiple data sources and uses rule-based heuristics to detect issues from the data and generate insight items for the users.
```

> Your Infrastructure Ops. Manager can filter the insight summary cards by one or many insight categories for a selected cluster and project:

Author: ```suggestion
You can filter the insight summary cards by one or many insight categories for a selected cluster and project:
```

> Your Infrastructure Ops. Manager can filter the insight summary cards by one or many insight categories for a selected cluster and project:

Reviewer 3: "Infrastructure Ops. Manager" is a title that needs introducing somewhere...   I'm not aware of any other places in our documentation where we suggest or document specific 'user roles' such as 'Infrastructure Ops. Manager'.  

```suggestion
You can filter the Insights summary cards using one or more categories for a selected cluster and project:
```

> You can filter the Insights summary cards using one or more categories for a selected cluster and project:

Reviewer: Currently, users can only select one category at a time, so it might be best to not include "one or more".

Reviewer 2: 1. Can we refine this "Insights runs as part of DKP within your environment, so it works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments". for example, we can use something like "The insights capability in DKP works seamlessly within networked or air-gapped environments. It collects metrics, logs, and events from multiple data sources and uses rule-based heuristics to detect issues from the data and generate insight items for the users.
2.  Didnt quite understand what you want to convey here: "Events display in a user-friendly, interactive table, showing critical issues, warnings, and general notices you need to ensure your environment is running smoothly. "
3. There are no summary cards now (You can filter the Insights summary cards). We use insights items in a table that can be filtered
